Themes and designs usage (#1770)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/templating/design_engine/design_engine.md

Each scope can use only one design.

## Design theme list

> A theme is a set of directories to look for templates in. Mainly, theme's templates are placed in a directory under `templates/themes` which name is the theme name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A theme is a set of directories to look for templates in. A theme's templates are placed in a directory under `templates/themes` which has the same name as the theme.
```
I've removed "mainly", because the directory _must_ be named the same as the theme, AFAIK?

Author: @DominikaK 
I have a "mainly" because a theme have more paths than the templates/themes/ one as seen in the next section.
Inspired by https://github.com/ibexa/design-engine/blob/main/src/bundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/TwigThemePass.php#L56 it could be
```suggestion
A theme is a set of directories to look for templates in. At application level, theme's templates are placed in a directory under `templates/themes` which has the same name as the theme.
```
What do you think of this attempt of being precise?

> For example, `standard` theme's templates can be placed in `templates/themes/standard` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `standard` theme's templates must be placed in the `templates/themes/standard` directory.
```
?

!!! caution

    After you create a new directory with a theme in `templates/themes`,
    you must clear the cache (`php bin/console cache:clear`), even if you work in the dev environment.

The order of themes in a design is important.
The design engine attempts to apply the first theme in configuration (for example, `theme2`).
If it cannot find the required template or asset in this theme, it proceeds to the next theme in the list (for example, `theme1` then `theme0` and finally the default `standard`).

> `@ibexadesign` keyword in template paths is the way to use this feature. When `@ibexadesign` is met, the design engine loops in the theme list of the current design and look for each theme if the template exists in its paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@ibexadesign` keyword in template paths is the way to use this feature.
When the design engine finds `@ibexadesign`, it loops over the theme list of the current design and checks whether the template for the given theme exists in its paths.
```

## Order of themes

The order of themes in a design is important.
The design engine attempts to apply the first theme in configuration (for example, `theme2`).

> If it cannot find the required template or asset in this theme, it proceeds to the next theme in the list (for example, `theme1` then `theme0` and finally the default `standard`).

Author: From my POV, it still misses a link between a design's theme list, `@ibexadesign` in paths, and the templates/themes/ directories.

Author: Proposed in 5d316481533122bb2705d7f4e84537ef083b83ac
